The Last Knight falls before Ishar'mla, the Silence has descended once more, and the Seaborn eagerly march upon the land.
Mizuki uses his tentacles to push the Sea Terrors aside, trying to protect the Doctor from harm.
Now that the Leviathan has awakened and the waves claw at the clouds, to leave the Doctor stranded on a little island in the ocean is to leave them for dead.
To ensure the Doctor may survive, Mizuki carries them on his back and swims back towards land.
Mizuki may have been able to deal with a few Sea Terrors, but when the Seaborn block his way, when facing the interrogation of the entirety of we many, Mizuki cannot help but feel the immense pressure weighing on him.
How can one individual in a collective rebel against the will of the whole?
Ishar'mla's pheromones are delivered directly to his brain.
It is His wish for Mizuki to leave this human behind.
Absolutely not.
The Doctor must return to land alive.
Mizuki has never cared about the fate of mankind, but he does care about the Doctor. And he knows that they would not wish to witness humanity's demise.
So he rejects the Leviathan, rejects we many, and returns the Doctor back to land.
He crosses the blockade established by his kin, and places the Doctor upon the shore. With a smile, he tells them to report back to their companions, while he fends off the Seaborn's march.
'They will believe me, because I am also Seaborn.' Mizuki says this to the Doctor.
Thankfully, they believe these words and leave.
Now, Mizuki will finally be able to truly buy some time for the Doctor, for Rhodes Island, and for humanity.
Mizuki exhales, and adjusts his pheromone expression.
In an instant, the Seaborn fall into confusion, unable to comprehend why their own kin was displaying hostility towards we many.
After a period of confusion, we many decides to prioritize the removal of the hostile individual.
Instantly, the Seaborn change their direction and rush towards Mizuki as he swims out to the open sea.
Across an extremely long span of time, Mizuki's hostility-laced pheromones continue to surface clearly within the collective consciousness of we many.
Like a drop of blood splashing upon a sheet of white paper, they do not dissipate for a long, long time.
But in the end, he too dissipates.
