  New guests have been invited to the city, but it seems they refuse to attend any dinner party whatsoever.
  Around the time of the violent happenings in Sudean last month, Carte was complaining that a few of his orders had been massively postponed. Everyone thought street gangs had plundered the goods; later, the guests 'requisitioned' factories with minimal fuss, and we realized just what was going on now.
You only see them about in Sudean and the nearby ports, more or less; that is exactly why I tell you that they still haven't found somewhere suitable for themselves.
  Though Londinium is practically locked up as of now, they ferry in and out constantly. You can discern these people by their clothes at a glance. They call themselves 'Dublinn,' have little patience for chatting with the Londiniers, and essentially only deal in threats and armed deterrence. It seems it's default to them that others view them as enemies.
  Compared to the silent Sarkaz, their anger is more open. I've heard a few members speaking Taran to each other, but when I've tried talking to them in it myself, it only seems to enrage them further, as if they can't take other Victorians speaking in their tongue.
  I went to visit Leo today. He likes a lively scene; he was drawn into a clash between Dublinn and city folk, all told. Apparently he sustained a few physical wounds, caused by an explosion.
  He described in vivid detail how Dublinn's fighters took up their blades and gave the Londiniers some fierce lip, how he fearlessly did as he saw he should, and how the ruffians who didn't identify him caught him up in the kerfuffle. At the end, he solemnly swore on the Steam Knight title of his ancestors that Dublinn might hardly have been some ragtag army from the wild, judging by their combat prowess, but 'if I'd just had my saber on hand, I would've laid them all low right there.'
The Victorian Army drill regimen did influence his childhood self; that is the one part I believe you can actually take his word for. He is able to tell when a soldier's been given standard training.
  We avoid tacitly all talk of where Victoria's army and her decorated generals might be now. P.S. In need of a new Oriron supply channel.
