  If unable to escape this place, seek Golding for future Messenger work.
  Handwriting may be part illegible, sudden bad news. Little time to note things.
  Per Amiya, Sarkaz spies hidden among Self-Salvation with shapeshift-like Arts, thus easily disguised as one of us. Such Arts beyond our ability to beware. Most worried this will cause suspicion between Corps.
  Feist + Rockrock v. guilt-ridden; was the one they spent great effort rescuing. Once their closest comrade in arms.
I can empathize. If chance presents itself, would like to comfort them. Some Corps fighters know I once made a similar mistake.
  Most vital now is having everyone stay reasonable. Not easy establishing this base in Sudean, and families of several live nearby, but all now under threat of bombardment by city defense artillery.
Our defensive arms are simple toys vs. cannons designed to melt a nomadic city to its structural level, but all are silently equipping selves.
  I want to leave this written: We have nothing else, seek nothing else. Vast majority of Self-Salvation soldiers care most how to get wounded companions medicine, how to keep doing the work they know in Londinium's underground, nothing else. They've never conjectured about the truth of the dark clouds above Londinium, can hardly imagine how dreadful the Sarkaz Royal Court is.
  But realistically, no Sarkaz Civil War rumor is exaggerated or fabricated. Breaths of the ancient Royal Court suffice to tear the lives of us commoners from us.
  These are the enemies we contend with, whether they know this is the truth or not.
  —RE: mistake I made, I trusted the wrong person for liaison when we tried to get in touch with Camden Borough. After he was taken in, he told the Sarkaz everything he knew under trial.
  To avoid more intel agents' discovery, our Messengers decided to bring letters of no real substance to the RDV point as usual, pretend we never learned he was captured...
Ella was a child anyone would've loved.
  But we can only move on. We're about to leave.
