  We're on a train for Central Londinium now. More of our fellows survived than anticipated. We're very lucky.
  Things were sudden. Still no time to get in touch with Allerdale, but Rhodes Island's Messenger sent the distress call to her long ago. We should have a temporary safe place there for now.
  As Duke Cumberland's daughter, Allerdale has a cohesive pull in noble-concentrated Central Londinium that no one else in the Self-Salvation Corps can match. Corps members are limited in movement in the central district, under the Sarkaz Royal Court's noses. Luckily, Allerdale has always been clear about maintaining the resistance. She inspires our fellows who were shaky by themselves.
  It's rare you get a noble like her. She calmly acknowledged months ago that Parliament no longer existed; at present it's only the Sarkaz borrowing the name.
  The Corps's objective slightly differs to Rhodes Island, but they've pulled together into an upstanding force now. A lot of citizens who were hostile to Rhodes Island's Sarkaz are now comfortable chatting shoulder to shoulder with them on this train.
  W came back with another Rhodes Island Sarkaz woman. She's never let herself look the friendly part, but at present I can confirm she's actively cooperating with us.
  She tells me it seems the Sarkaz mercenary I was concerned for died a few days ago. I still remember his name, Schwab. A patrol at the factory caught sight of him once, after I was arrested.
  Now I can be sure it was him who put W and me in contact, which was what let W make it in time to aid with Rhodes Island's rescue operation. I owe him a thank you.
  A few of Rhodes Island's operators are being paid very close attention. The Banshee, for example. His very existence seems to put some of the Sarkaz on edge.
The Sarkaz Royal Court's surveillance network always seems especially acute at manhunting fellow Sarkaz. If needs be, I'm prepared to provide him support at any time.
  Kal'tsit already reached Central Londinium at some point in the last two days, but she can't work in tandem with the Self-Salvation Corps.
  I haven't seen her in so many years. I'm curious, even... am I as tall as her by now?
  Rockrock's been crying awfully. I'm trying to console her, but really, I feel tears are a must at times like these.
