  Count Philip has amended his party's date and venue twice now since sending out invitations. None of them will let their courtyards be lit up at night anymore, for fear Sarkaz on patrol won't take well to the illuminations.
  Both Bailey's and Lawrence's families are readying to leave, and René's promised he'll help them. He's sent plenty of the nobility on out of the city already. A man with both security and logistical connections.
  It's rumored in a few more days, the Sarkaz will completely seal the city gates off. Every party since, the main topic has been what city's life can remotely compare to Londinium.
  It's not just bustling streets everyone hopes for. Moreso that as in Londinium, they might accompany gatherings of bright minds in elegant conversation, and talk of how much their painting collections are worth, not of potatoes and maize.
  I came to this city without any position or owned estate, so I simply stand to the side and nod along.
  Reggie's chauffeured for Bailey's family for years now, but he doesn't plan to leave Londinium with them. We were chatting on the patio, and he says he'd rather drop daily essentials off for his friends in his own little boneshaker, and that it's a lot more interesting circling about Londinium's underground. I wager every Londinier has their own differing complex about this city.
  I mentioned the anti-inflammatories to him, and he agreed to help me procure two crates.
  Nora made her reappearance at the party today. It seemed the Sarkaz police detaining her in their garrison didn't affect her at all, but when we had a private chat to one side, she rolled up her sleeve and showed me the scars on her arm.
  Of all the citizens arrested a few days ago, including her, she was presumably the only one deemed innocent, hence why they let her out so quick. It doesn't sit well with her; she's worried for the ones still in there.
  She also says the Sarkaz keep going on about the city wall recently. Even their generals are always patrolling on top of them. Maybe they really are going to seal off the whole of Londinium.
  P.S. Received a pile of paper clippings and an unsigned letter, though a glance at the writing tells me who wrote it. I've made fun of her a few times now for using the same red pen she marks student homework with, but she seems all the more smitten with it at this point.
  It says we've finally gotten word of a heretofore missing friend, and that we need to lend him a hand.
  My notes are in bits all over the place, and they're not ordered yet. Still, if I'm unable to record anything else in coming times, you should be able to find something to interest you somewhere in my notebook, I'd think?
