Within minutes of the coastline's collapse, silence floods the ears, the ocean's rumbling and the land's clamor all disappearing, as if the brain actively refuses to process the vibrations entering the auricle. In this moment, the terrible calamity leaves behind only a pure, white void.
The ground beneath one's feet may be crushed, sunken, or consumed by the spreading nethersea brand at any time. Even the high ground upon which Thorns is perched offers no guarantee of safety.
The Ægir who refused to evacuate watches as the ocean, for a brief moment, returns to serenity.
He does not know if it was from the shockwave or some other reason, but a strange heterogeneous fluid begins to flow from his ears, moistening his gloves and scrambling to be first to overflow from the gaps between his fingers.
It is blood.
Thorns does not mind bleeding.
Nothing else matters in comparison to the scene unfolding before his eyes.
He had to admit, he'd never found Iberia pleasant. He'd spent much more time around the coast than in the inland cities. He once left both Iberia and Ægir behind, and even now, does not consider either place his homeland. But afterward, he still returned to this place, to the scarred land of Iberia.
He once thought he might have the opportunity to rebuild the Golden Age sung about in the stories, a desire he'd held onto.
Until today.
The blood flowing from his ear trickles down to his neck, causing an indescribable itching. He cannot help but to perceive his own blood as some kind of foreign substance, and this act of bleeding as a process to purge it from his body.
The foreign substance drawn out by the sea keeps Thorns rooted in place.
What exactly is it that exerts its influence on him from the depths of the ocean?
This strange magnetism had grown more and more apparent with each passing day, and it became increasingly difficult to convince himself to ignore it.
A singer once said to him:
'Whether or not you fear it, it will come for you.'
But whatever it is that the singer said would come for him – was it his so-called homeland, or the sea creatures before him?
He must find out.
Until this question has been answered, he cannot escape from this place.
