Laurentina gazes absent-mindedly at the flickering lights under the ocean in the distance.
The tide of monsters has ebbed. Another Ægir city has survived, for now. Pain and death are a fact of life these days, with devastation as far as the eye can see. This is an old city, with a glorious history, and one still sees a vestige of eminence and pride in the buildings under the dome, even from a distance.
The Abyssal Hunters were no longer allowed to come near the cities after the betrayal, while the more 'primitive' hunters are placed under close surveillance. They pushed the tide forward, but they have no home.
Not anymore.
Laurentina did not complain about this. She could feel the impatience and anxiety in her blood every bit as much as her captain could. They have come face to face with a predestined death—or worse, a death that has already begun, and all they can do is endure the long decay.
She continues to gaze at the Ægir city. It has reactivated, moving towards a line of defense that has retreated to who-knows-where, towards a destiny that awaits who-knows-when. The lights disappear into the seabed. Deep in the ocean, the sunlight is but a distant memory thousands of meters above. It must exist, but nobody can perceive it. Darkness embraces her once more.
Laurentina notices that the currents have changed. Her captain is leaving. Gladiia has not spoken for years. She detests her own voice. After years of working together, however, they no longer need words to understand each other's intentions. This is how things must be, until the decay is finally complete.
'Trust' is too shallow, too callous a word to describe their relationship. It is simply the bond of blood that the Abyssal Hunters share.
They have seen the end of this relationship many times. They know what awaits.
It is not yet time, but neither is it far away. It could be in two months, or it could be tomorrow.
Laurentina reminds herself to get a new saw blade the next time maintenance comes around.
The filth returns. She decides not to think about the future any more, at least until the dance has ended.
