'A soldier and an Ægir. Two things you'd hardly ever see together back in the old days.'
Someone steps out from the shadows. Her whole body is clad in black, but the sword in her hand shines with a silver glow.
The intruders did not expect anyone else to be in this cave. They had withdrawn from their post on the cliff. The fourth tsunami had leveled most of their defenses overlooking the tidal zone, and also cut off their communications with the main force. Their whole way here, the endless ocean and its Sea Terrors had clung to their heels. The only two survivors are a soldier and a watchtower worker. They are both wounded, fatigued, hungry, and full of apprehension about the road both ahead of and behind them.
'Are you an Inquisitor?' asks the Ægir cautiously. The sharp blade pointed at them easily brings back old memories.
'You should recognize my sword and lantern.' The speaker is now clear of the shadows. She is not holding the flames of castigation, but her lantern rests on the rock behind her.
The soldier hesitates to lower his weapon. 'How could there be an Inquisitor around here? The defense line has collapsed. They've all either died, or retreated inland.'
'My duties are not yet complete. The last watchtower still stands, and the people are still standing their ground upon that cliff. Similarly, the ones who've returned to the sea will not give up trying to contact us.'
The person beneath the black cloak looks back towards the shoreline.
'If you want to make it inland from this cave, you won't get far without light. Ægir, pick up the lantern and follow me.'
The lantern's faint light spills across the cave's slippery walls, and the shadows of the three figures grow lengthy.
'You must be familiar with the rumors too.' The soldier whispers in a hushed voice. 'The Seaborn disguise themselves as humans. First, they infiltrated the church, then the army. Finally, ordinary towns as well. That's how the last outpost fell.'
They have no way of knowing if the person in front of them is actually an Inquisitor. But the Ægir knows they have no other choice.
